(All characters, organizations, locations,)
(and incidents in this drama are fictitious.)
The planner who gave 3.4 million dollars,
Lee Mi Ran.
Is she really dead?
She's alive.
Where is she?
Where is she right now?
Tell me!
Eun Joo.
Do you remember calling me...
two years ago?
Two years ago?
I threw away everything...
that belonged to Bum Joon that day.
(November 22, 2015)
A guy who crashed a plane carrying 190 passengers...
only left a few boxes of things...
over 35 years of his life.
And...
Are you Kim Bum Joon's brother?
Why? What is it?
I'm a close friend of Bum Joon.
I called because I wanted to pay him my respect.
Could you tell me where he is resting?
You were the first and the last person...
who wanted to pay him respect.
So did you go pay him respect?
That's why I thought it was weird.
You even paid respect for a horrible criminal,
but when Mi Ran, your dear friend killed herself,
you never visited her at the ossuary.
Why didn't you go visit her at the ossuary?
That's because Lee Mi Ran is not dead.
How did you do this?
Did you kill someone else in her place or something?
I didn't do anything.
All I said was that body was Mi Ran.
All I did was to say that the deceased...
is Mi Ran. That's all.
Are you saying you said someone else is her?
Are you two crazy?
Was Bum Joon someone like you two?
Was he also a murderer?
Tell me. I'm sure you know him better than me.
I don't know anything.
And Mi Ran said she doesn't know either.
Min Joon, I beg you.
Please don't look for Mi Ran.
Do you know who Choi Kang Woo is?
A family of the deceased from the flight 801.
On the flight that Bum Joon crashed,
his wife and his son were on board.
I got someone like him involved in this.
That's how I'm like.
Do you think I'll give up now?
Where's Lee Mi Ran?
- Tell me now! - I don't know.
I really don't know.
I met her for the 1st time in 6 years.
She called me on a public phone.
To whose phone?
Yours?
Han Mi Sook.
Choi Ju Won.
Are you happy that you're alive,
Ms. Lee Mi Ran?
The number you have called cannot receive calls.
Ms. Kang Eun Joo is awake now.
I just got to the hospital.
Ask her where Lee Mi Ran is.
She's dead.
She killed herself two years ago.
She's alive. Lee Mi Ran is alive.
What?
Eun Joo.
(Call Nurse)
Can you hear me?
Can you look at me?
Ms. Jang, you can't be in here.
Ms. Oh, I have to meet that patient now.
Ms. Jang.
Can't you see how the patient is doing?
It's a program just for our VIPs...
She was alive.
This is a program which will reduce the cost...
by going online.
Next, I'll present our mobile business.
In Korea, there are many references...
Is something going on?
Nothing's special.
I'll never disclose confidential information.
Please forgive me.
Why not?
Of course, for the sake of the company...
The company isn't that important.
What's important to you is what's really important.
Isn't your old affection more important to you?
No, Chairman Cha.
If he gets in your way, can you abandon him?
Can you get rid of Kang Woo?
Dad.
The dog that you raised became your master now.
You'll leak it again.
How did that old man know?
The dead should be dead. Why is she still alive?
Did you do this?
What are you talking about?
She is...
the planner that committed fraud with you,
isn't she?
You two were accomplices.
Jin Chul.
I don't remember.
You know me. Since high school,
I kept forgetting things.
Let's keep it that way until the end.
(Call history)
How is she alive?
It was on the news that she was dead.
I think there might be an accomplice.
There was only one insurance planner...
that dealt with Ko Jin Chul.
She won the best planner a few years ago.
It's Lee Mi Ran.
Ko Jin Chul
How is Kang Eun Joo?
She keeps having seizures,
so they're giving her injections.
It'll be difficult to visit her for a while.
Sir, are you okay?
Thank goodness Lee Mi Ran is alive.
We can catch her now.
Let's get Lee Mi Ran.
How?
How will you...
catch a dead person?
Is she really dead?
Why didn't you tell us she was alive?
Why did you beat around the bush?
Why should I have told you?
You don't tell me anything.
How can we trust a scammer like you?
Then why should I trust you people?
Because you aren't scammers?
Or because you're...
the victims'...
Jang Ha Ri.
You're trying hard.
But you know nothing, don't you?
That's why you're here picking a fight.
Stop bluffing...
and get lost.
What?
Do you think I'll run away?
Do you have anywhere to go?
Come visit me when you're bored.
Gosh.
I'm hungry.
I'll locate the phone booth Lee Mi Ran...
made the last call. Wait a second.
It's Danyang, North Chungcheong Province,
roadside of route 59.
Find the other locations as well.
Visit Kang Eun Joo when it's possible.
Yes, sir.
Are you worried about me?
You keep looking at me like that.
It's because your driving makes me nervous.
What?
I'm a better driver.
Why did you have to take the wheel?
You make me nervous.
Hey, you need some sleep. Take a nap.
We're starting now, aren't we?
Then we should get to the bottom of it.
Let's go to the end.
There's only one surveillance camera,
and this is a blind spot.
Are you happy that you're alive,
Ms. Lee Mi Ran?
She was flustered.
You make mistakes when you're flustered.
I brought the surveillance kit.
Mr. Choi.
Let's go.
Son, the sun's too bright.
Thanks, Son.
(No visitors allowed)
Mr. Park Soon Jung.
Can't you see the sign?
Take your hands off from there.
Okay. Hello.
Your team isn't allowed in this hospital...
until that patient is released.
Ma'am.
Please help me.
Should I call security?
Please don't do this.
I'm disappointed.
Disappointed?
Can't you see I'm desperate?
You know...
a dead person came back to... I mean...
Anyway,
there's a person I must find.
Is that why you want to visit someone...
who isn't allowed any visitors?
Mr. Park.
You know her condition better than anyone.
I thought you were doing what you do...
because you cared about people.
But I guess you don't.
Ms. Kang Eun Joo...
had the seizure after that young man visited.
Make sure he never sets foot...
in this hospital again.
If he comes back,
I'll kill him.
Kim Min Joon, that punk.
(Park Moo Shin, Claims Examination Team Manager)
He wanted a consultation.
Regarding what case?
All the cases Mad Dog brought me.
So do you want me to be a spy?
Don't put it that way.
You know very well...
that Kang Woo isn't in his right mind.
He's acting crazy. He changed too much.
I want to stop him as a friend, Professor.
These days...
I make coffee, go dancing,
and go playing ping pong.
But I used to...
work in forensics for a little while.
What do you mean?
You were a big figure in forensics for 40 years.
A big figure?
Manager Park, do you know...
what forensics is about?
Isn't it about doing an autopsy...
to find the cause of death?
Everyone thinks like that.
But it's actually about...
finding people their final rights.
When I first met Kang Woo,
he was a constable.
He came to me every day because of someone...
that died of a chronic illness.
His wife and son...
has the right to know at least the cause...
of their family member's death.
They said that was the last right of the dead.
So I did an autopsy.
It turned out he was poisoned to death.
His younger brother was his business partner.
And the brother fed him with bleach for a month...
to own the business by himself.
If it hadn't been for Kang Woo,
they would've treated him like a family member...
without knowing that he was the murderer.
Mr. Park.
Kang Woo has been that kind of guy.
He hasn't changed a bit.
He just wants to know...
how his family died and why.
You already know it was the suicide crash...
of the assistant pilot.
It doesn't matter whether I know it or not.
The family of the deceased isn't sure about that.
Then I should let him know in any possible ways.
As his friend?
Yes, as his friend.
As my friend?
Kang Woo.
What happened?
Lee Mi Ran is alive.
The insurance planner from two years ago?
Yes.
Are you okay?
I'm not.
No, I'm all right.
I'm just...
a bit scared.
I thought it was an accident.
I thought it was done by some lunatic.
So I wanted to kill...
that man, Kim Bum Joon.
But he died.
It was over.
That's what I believed for two years.
If that's not true...
Then what should I...
I found fingerprints.
I'm not sure if they're Lee Mi Ran's,
but please analyze them for me.
Okay, I'll ask someone to do it.
(Park Moo Shin, Claims Examination Team Manager)
(Mid-November, 2015)
Let's go.
I'll be in trouble if they find out...
that I brought you here.
He made me believe that Mi Ran died.
Kim Bum Joon's brother is working with him?
Seeing how they're after Lee Mi Ran, I think...
they're reinvestigating on the flight 801 incident.
We need to stop them.
Why should we?
The case is closed, but if people find out...
that the families of the victims and assailant...
are reinvestigating the case...
Of course, it's not good.
By the way, Mr. Park.
I weeded the garden, but they're grown again.
Let me...
Leave them be.
They can grow on barren land...
or even on asphalt ground.
You mustn't weed them out to remove them completely.
You just need to burn them when they're fully grown.
Gosh, you startled me.
You can't come in here freely like this.
You think it's still your office?
Why would you be startled?
Hey, do you love me?
Why do you keep following me around?
I never did that.
When will you stop what you're doing?
I can't let go of your illegal deeds forever.
You stress so much about keeping the laws.
But why did you take me to the ossuary two years ago?
What?
Leaking the assailant's info to the victim...
is illegal.
It was for your sake.
I wanted you to get over it quickly.
Why are you digging into it again? You're...
- Mr. Park. - Yes, sir.
Don't let Kang Woo know.
Pardon?
Don't show that we know about Bum Joon's brother.
- Go on. - You're making a ruckus.
Why'd you dig in the case and look for a dead woman?
A dead woman... Is that right?
Look at your eyes.
Come to your senses.
Okay, I will.
Let me ask you one question.
Are we friends?
I heard you said that.
"As his friend."
Are we friends?
We aren't?
Have we ever been friends?
I'm not a friend of a criminal like you.
Min Joon is gone, Mr. Choi.
What? You seem like you lost your dog.
It's none of your business.
Think of a way to bring up your company record.
What do you mean he's gone?
Okay, I'll go right now.
Kang Woo.
Yes, Hong Joo?
What brings you to Mr. Park's office?
I'm a bit busy now. If you aren't getting in...
Won't you tell me why you took Lee Mi Ran's case?
Am I that unreliable?
More unreliable than Mr. Park?
Do you think I'm still a newbie doing stakeouts...
whom you scolded so much?
That's not it.
I'm just not sure of anything.
What are you not sure of?
Everything.
I know you're sure of everything.
There isn't a thing you don't know.
Apparently, there is.
I'll get going.
- The doors are closing. - Kang Woo.
I guess he changed the USIM chip of his phone.
I can't track him down.
His car is in the garage,
so I thought he was in the office.
Is there any leakage of Eun Joo and Mi Ran's data?
From my computer? No way.
I only sent Eun Joo's phone call history...
to you, Cheetah,
and Ha Ri's phones. That's all.
You sent it to me too? Gosh, this punk.
Oh, to my smartphone?
Where is my...
What?
It's missing.
Then why should I trust you people?
Because you aren't scammers?
Or because you're...
the victims'...
Why that...
(Kang Woo)
- Hello? - Hey, Min Joon.
So you steal things too.
Don't say that.
I only picked it.
What are you going to do with it?
You want to bet on who finds Mi Ran first?
There you go again.
Shall I not?
Then again, it's boring to do a winning bet.
Mad Dog is nothing.
You're only dogs without teeth.
You're nothing more or less than that.
You want to get bitten to death?
Kim Min Joon. If you make it obvious...
and cause Mi Ran to disappear, I'll kill you.
We'll catch Mi Ran faster than that punk.
Okay?
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
[VIU Ver] E05 Mad Dog "The Real Cause"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(An Investigation of Lee Soo Oh's Death)
Director Cha, what brings you here?
It seemed like you were very busy lately.
So I won't beat around the bush.
My dad, Kang Woo, you,
and Lee Mi Ran.
What's going on here?
I'm sorry.
You should hear it from the chairman.
Your immediate superior is...
me.
I apologize, Director Cha.
(Executive Director Cha Hong Joo)
"Director Cha"?
(Letter of Resignation)
What are you doing?
Are you throwing a fit?
I'm not.
I made a rational decision.
Things continuously happen...
within Taeyang Insurance that I do not know about.
I don't think I need to stick around.
Then was there not a thing...
that I did not know of within the company?
Ask me directly without sounding me out.
I do not have any questions. You may leave.
But I do.
You can either tell me,
or throw me out.
That's your problem.
You do not know your place.
Even if I tell you, you won't be able to take it.
You're someone who disclosed...
confidential information out of old affection.
You shouldn't trust people.
People are nothing but black-haired beasts.
It's must be because I'm your daughter.
What?
You're helping Joo Hyun Ki...
by getting him the management rights.
I heard Supreme Prosecutors' Office...
will soon begin a seizure and search for Juhan Air.
Nonsense.
Chief On Joo Sik is also a human.
A black-haired beast.
Let me remind you once again...
that I'm your daughter.
I have enough connections to find out this much.
You tried so hard to make him the chief.
You should pay him a little more attention.
Where's On Joo Sik right now?
Find him immediately.
I'm sorry, Chief Prosecutor On.
Hey, Prosecutor Kim.
Why did you only get stew for the chief prosecutor?
Why? This is great.
Congratulations on your appointment, sir.
- Congratulations. - Congratulations.
It's an honor for me to work with you.
I'll take you somewhere great for the next round.
Let's just grab a drink and go home early.
I will be waiting.
- Goodbye, sir. - Goodbye, sir.
What was that? What's with him today?
Haven't you heard his inaugural address?
"I accept the demand for a change, and I will..."
"turn the prosecution into an honest place."
Does he want to butter people up...
to survive after his term of five years?
He's putting on too much of a show though.
He even turned down my offer to take him home.
Someone must be here for him.
You must've been in quite a rush.
You sent me a car.
I heard Juhan Air will undergo an investigation.
But you haven't mentioned anything to me.
Did this old man disappoint you in any way?
The prosecutor in charge was...
confident that he sealed everyone's mouth.
Chairman Cha, you really are amazing.
I can stop the process for a moment.
But not for long.
The world has changed.
Do not cause any trouble that people will talk of.
Wrap up the process of the succession...
of management rights within Juhan Air.
Gosh, what a day.
Chief Prosecutor On.
We'll wrap up everything very soon.
Please delay the process until I'm...
Goodbye.
You should thank Chairman Cha.
You should go too.
Do you think you're training your dog?
What is this?
Even dogs know how to feed themselves.
You had no idea...
that you were going to get in trouble.
You should thank Hong Joo.
Why are you bringing Hong Joo into this?
Hong Joo found out about this.
I'm so glad she's my daughter.
I'm not sure if Hong Joo feels the same.
Is that all you have to say?
I am truly grateful, Chairman Cha.
And you have to earn your keep too.
A small fry is clinging to us.
Take him down too.
A small fry? What kind of a small fry?
Goodness, that old man.
I was asking him a question.
He has no manners.
What's this?
(Are You Happy to Be Alive?)
Any security cameras?
There's one, but it's broken.
Cheetah, I found the cellphone.
What?
Did you say this was where you found...
the last signal from Min Joon's phone, right?
Yes, why?
That place has no security cameras too?
No cameras, and not many people are around.
It's the same here.
Over here.
(Haedori Village)
It's definitely not a place to walk.
Right?
I only see cars drive by.
That means she moved by a car.
Noo Ri, mark the public phones on the map...
and send it to me.
Jecheon, Chungju,
Danyang-gun, Goesan-gun.
She didn't go anywhere below Chungju?
Why? She's traveling by a car.
It's either that she couldn't go,
or that she was not supposed to.
Or she may have had to stay there.
She couldn't leave the area.
She had a place to return to.
(Dongjang-myeon, Daegong-ri)
(Matching, No match)
Why isn't there a match yet?
Would this cause any problem, Professor Byeon?
- I'm telling you, no. - I see.
(Matching, No match)
(A match)
That's why it took so long.
She's a dead person.
She really is alive.
Professor Byeon. What are you doing here?
What do you mean Lee Mi Ran is alive?
You just saw the dactyloscopy result.
That fingerprint could've been from two years ago.
Kang Woo collected it yesterday.
(Home Meal Restaurant)
(Real Estate Agency)
There are restaurants and a supermarket.
And an elementary school.
- Let's start the inquiry. - Yes, sir.
- Yes, Professor Byeon. - The result is out.
You were right. She's alive.
Thank you, Professor Byeon.
Kang Woo. Detective Jo found out.
He saw the fingerprint.
What?
(Traffic Investigation)
(The fingerprint is of the same person.)
(Choi Kang Woo)
- Yes. - Han Wu.
Don't call my name. Get here right now.
I can't. I'm in a countryside.
I don't know.
I've never seen her.
Could you take a look one more time?
I'll be there after it's done.
After it's done?
You should've come to me first.
I heard Hwan Hee will have surgery soon.
I'll take care of this.
Hey, Kang Woo. I think this is nothing.
A dead person is alive.
The woman who made 3.4 million is...
pretending to be dead.
How can this be nothing?
All right. I'll help you.
I just don't want you to get into trouble.
If something happens to you,
I'd be doing Mi Sook and Ju Won wrong.
I'll go see you after I find Lee Mi Ran.
Don't worry.
Hey, Kang Woo.
Darn it.
The number you are trying to reach...
What's wrong, sir?
Is something wrong?
Detective Kim, come here.
Find this location.
Okay, sir.
This is from two years ago.
She might look different now.
I've never seen her before.
Please take a good look.
Her hairstyle might be different.
Use your imagination.
I don't know.
Are you here to catch a debtor on a run?
- Pardon? - Why would you come here?
It's not like that.
I can tell right away.
"I can tell right away"?
She wouldn't do that.
Cheetah.
Hello.
I'd like to see some houses.
What kind of house do you want?
I don't want a house with blocked views.
I want one side to have a big window.
I knew it. Younger people want great views.
A young man who came by a few days ago...
wanted the same.
Is that right?
Where is that house?
There is no trace of Kim Min Joon.
Play the most recent videos first.
Yes, sir.
Kim Min Joon is here.
He wasn't observing, but he was being observed.
Rewind it, and play it again slowly.
Okay.
Lee...
Lee Mi Ran?
Bye.
Lee Mi Ran.
She has a kid.
Who is that? He's a pro.
Do we have his face?
Wait. Go right before when he gets in the car.
Okay.
Ha Ri. Send that to Noo Ri.
Let's see.
Yes.
Mr. Choi.
Ko Jin Chul. Jae Soo died.
So you should die too.
Die!
Ko Jin Chul.
(Area under surveillance)
Why was Ko Jin Chul observing Kim Min Joon?
So Kim Min Joon is after Lee Mi Ran,
and Ko Jin Chul is after Kim Min Joon. What's this?
Does Dr. Kim know Ko Jin Chul is after him?
In the video,
Dr. Kim isn't moving. at all.
He must've really wanted to get Mi Ran.
He won't know he's being followed.
Didn't Ko Jin Chul kill five people?
Isn't Dr. Kim in danger right now?
He's quick-witted. Don't mind him.
Killing five people makes Jin Chul a serial killer.
Even prisoners are scared of serial killers.
Ms. Jang.
Are you okay with Kim Min Joon getting hurt?
I don't care if he gets hurt.
That's none of my business.
Sir, I found the location.
It's in Daegong-ri, Dongjang-myeon...
of Chungju, North Chungcheong Province.
That's in North Chungcheong Province.
Okay.
What are you doing in Chungju?
Three cars were parked in front of...
Daegong Elementary School...
from 3:42pm to 3:46pm. Check the surveillance...
and please run the plates.
You're crazy.
The third car is Ko Jin Chul's.
- Who? - Ko Jin Chul.
The scammer who killed Jae Soo and ran away.
He's a serial killer.
What are you saying this time?
Earlier, you said Lee Mi Ran was alive.
(Gohang Farm)
- Get your bag. - Okay.
- Mom. - Yes?
I'll go feed the goats.
Don't feed them too much at once.
Okay.
Ha Seong, what's wrong?
Mr. Choi.
The phone signal of the first car owner...
is caught about 25km away from you.
But the phone signal of the third car owner...
I mean, the burn phone assumed to be...
Ko Jin Chul's is nearby as well.
What's around that area?
There's a farm according to the map.
It's called Gohang Farm.
Gohang Farm?
(Chungju, North Chungcheong Province)
I saw there's a pension behind your house.
How about you go there for a second...
while I talk with your mom?
Mom.
It's okay.
He's my friend.
Go ahead.
Tell your aunt...
that I'll be there soon.
You must not know who I am.
I do.
You're Bum Joon's brother.
We've met before briefly.
On the day of Bum Joon's accident.
Mi Ran.
Hi, Bum Joon.
You came all the way here for that?
You really didn't have to.
I changed the beneficiary's name.
Your brother's name is Kim Min Joon, right?
Take a look at it yourself.
You keep it.
- I can't keep it at home. - Why not?
It's because he'll be mad if he finds out.
Wait here.
I'm on my way to the airport now.
I'll drop you off at your company.
Seeing you up close,
you look more like him.
How did you find me?
Eun Joo...
is a bit sick now.
I think I played a part too.
What have you done?
What about you? What have you done?
What have you done...
that you live in hiding as a dead person?
Are you happy to live this way?
You know...
how Bum Joon died, right?
I do. He killed himself.
Isn't it strange though?
The one who consulted...
3.4 million-dollar insurance...
stole someone else's identity and lives here.
Who is the dead person?
Did you kill her?
It has nothing to do with you.
Why do you want to live by doing that much?
What are you trying to hide?
Bum Joon...
didn't kill himself, did he?
It was...
the day before the accident...
when he changed the beneficiary to you.
He called me at night urgently...
and wanted to give all the money to you.
He must've killed himself because he wanted to...
give you the 3.4 million dollars.
That's what I thought.
You took the money, right?
Are you using them all right?
It's strange.
Why do I feel like you're lying?
To me, it seems like...
you're living this way for your son.
You're worried your son might be put in danger...
because of the truth that you know.
I'll go if you tell me.
You can simply run away again.
I'll help you.
Long time no see, Mi ran.
Jin Chul.
We promised not to see each other again.
Sorry,
but it's because I need money.
I'll give you money.
How much did I get paid for making you...
a dead person two years ago?
Was it 100,000 dollars?
I'll give that much again.
You know how much your life is worth now?
They offered a million dollars.
Mr. Choi.
Ko Jin Chul's burn phone is moving.
It's moving in a different direction from us.
Send me the location.
Ha Ri and Soon Jung. Keep going to the farm.
- Mr. Choi. - Mr. Choi.
Mi Ran must be still there.
If Ko Jin Chul causes trouble again...
You must be careful.
If you aren't careful,
I won't forgive you.
Okay. I'll see you guys later.
It's cold in the mountain here.
(Gohang Farm)
Min Joon.
Min Joon!
Bum Joon.
Kim Min Joon. Kim Min Joon!
Kim Min Joon! Stay with me.
Stay with me!
Kim Min Joon! Kim Min Joon!
Stay with me.
Kim Min Joon!
Kim Min Joon! Stay with me!
(Mad Dog)
Wait, do you trust him?
I have no idea what I should trust.
Will you get up already?
Do you know him?
He's the guy who found the body for Mi Ran.
Kang Woo, have you gone that far?
I need to see the originals...
of Bum Joon's insurance policies.
What's your relationship with Ko Jin Chul?
He's after you first.
What should I do if I can't find her?
You must make her come to you.
What kind of a guy would forsake someone...
for a million dollars?
Say that again!